(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen. Ladies and gentlemen! Today we are debating no less than the continuation of traditional North German coastal fisheries. I myself am not from Northern Germany, but from Lower Bavaria, i.e. from the South of the Republic. But what unites us is the term "home." The numerous family farms, often in the fourth, fifth or even sixth generation of this activity, are culturally firmly rooted in the region and also ensure important jobs and added value. They are unthinkable and deserve our support in the current situation. Unfortunately, farms have suffered from many factors for years. At this point, I would just like to mention the far too low fishing quotas set by the EU, or the disproportionate corona measures that have completely disrupted the catering industry as a buyer. Many fishermen have therefore already given up or had to file for insolvency in part. To the remaining fishermen the water stands up to the neck. The financial reserves, if still available, are used up. The tripling of fuel costs doesn't even make it worth driving out to sea. The ship's diesel, which by the way is largely tax-free and duty-free, now costs more than one kilo of herring on the market. You have to ask yourself if this is still a worthwhile job. Many fishermen on Germany's North and Baltic coasts had to stop their activities. If no help comes by Easter, then it will meet at least every second farm. It should be noted that all these family farms have entered this situation without fault. This is highly alarming. There is no question that we need to help here quickly and unbureaucratically to protect these family businesses. That's possible. You brought it up. The EU Commission has loosened the rules on state aid due to sanctions against Russia. The Federal Government may give aid to companies from the agricultural, fisheries and fish farming sectors up to EUR 35 000 if it is willing. However, if you do not want to help the fishermen – that is in your hands, ladies and gentlemen of the Federal Government and the coalition groups – then you have to deal with your conscience that you have destroyed family businesses in hundreds or thousands, but not only that. That would be the destruction of an important cultural heritage. They must then also explain to the German citizens why the local fish will soon no longer be present in the expenses. The losses of domestic production cannot simply be offset by purchases on the world market, because otherwise the poor countries, some of which are already suffering from cereal shortages, will also be bought away the last fish for food. But most people don't care; They're just looking at their own. It is clear to us from the AfD that fishing is a cultural asset and an important part of our German homeland. The many diligent fishing families therefore urgently need our support. There is an urgent need for action here. Thank you, Mr President, for allowing me to move over. 